Next we work with sinking a subset of JSON.
We just worked with parsing Base64 encoded information.
Next we will sink a subset of JSON.
We start by looking at two ways to select data in Spark,
then explore Spark SQL functions,
and last we dive into the split function.
Let's start by looking at the two ways to select in Spark.
There are two main functions used for selecting data in
Spark streaming,.select and Spark.sql.
Here is an example of using the.select method to
select the columns reservation ID and truck number.
Notice the.select function accepts from one-to-many column names separated by a comma.
Let's do the same select using Spark.sql.
Notice the Spark SQL function accepts valid SQL statements.
Let's talk about Spark SQL functions.
Here's some useful Spark SQL functions.
These can be used within the Spark SQL function or within the.select function,
to-JSON and from-JSON are for working with JSON,
unbase64 and base64 are for working with base64 encoded information.
Split is for separating a string of characters.
We have worked with to-JSON,
from-JSON and unbase64 so far.
We just looked at several of the Spark SQL functions available in Spark streaming.
Next, we will work with the split function.
In this example, we are parsing a DataFrame field customer name,
which contains both a first and a last name.
In this example, June Aristotle.
Using split, we extract both first and last names we then call it.getItem,
to get the zeroth element.
We then call alias to create a field called firstName.
How would you approach this same data to get the customer's e-mail provider?
To get the email domain,
we call split parsing customers streaming df.email field,
and then the at symbol.
We then get the element from position 1,
which will be the e-mail domain.
So we call the.alias function to create an alias called emailDomain.